Audit app (#19)
slack-samples/deno-message-translator: README.md

## Included Workflows

> - **Configurator:** Configure what channels the app can translate messages in -
>   if added to a private channel, please note tat you may need to manually add
>   the app to the channel in order for it to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Configurator:** Configure which channels the app can translate messages in. If added to a private channel, please note that you may need to manually add the app to that channel in order for it to work.
```
